README.md, before:

**This project is in early development**

# tibiawiki-sql
Script that generates a sqlite database for the MMO Tibia.

Inspired in [Mytherin's Tibiaylzer](https://github.com/Mytherin/Tibialyzer) TibiaWiki parsing script.

This script fetches data from TibiaWiki via its API, compared to relying on [database dumps](http://tibia.wikia.com/wiki/Special:Statistics)
that are not updated as frequently. By using the API, the data obtained is always fresh.

This script is not intended to be running constantly, it is meant to be run once, generate a sqlite database and use it 
externally.

## Requirements

* Python 3.6 or higher
    * **requests** module
    
## Running the script
To execute the script, run `tibiawiki-sql.py`.

The process can be long, taking up to 20 minutes because images have to 
be fetched for every item and creature.

When done, a database file called `tibia_database.db` will be found on the folder.

## Database contents
* Creatures
* Items
* Creature drop statistics
    
Planned:
* NPCs
* NPC offers
* Spells and runes
* Houses
* Achievements
* Quests
* *and more...* 
    
## Database schema
See [SCHEMA.md](docs/SCHEMA.md) in the `docs` folder

Commit message:

Images are now saved on a folder for later use - If an image is found in the images folder, that one is attached to the database, otherwise, the image is downloaded from TibiaWiki, working as a cache.

README.md, after:

**This project is in early development**

# tibiawiki-sql
Script that generates a sqlite database for the MMO Tibia.

Inspired in [Mytherin's Tibiaylzer](https://github.com/Mytherin/Tibialyzer) TibiaWiki parsing script.

This script fetches data from TibiaWiki via its API, compared to relying on [database dumps](http://tibia.wikia.com/wiki/Special:Statistics)
that are not updated as frequently. By using the API, the data obtained is always fresh.

This script is not intended to be running constantly, it is meant to be run once, generate a sqlite database and use it 
externally.

## Requirements

* Python 3.6 or higher
    * **requests** module
    
## Running the script
To execute the script, run `tibiawiki-sql.py`.

The process can be long, taking up to 20 minutes the first time. All images are saved to the `images` folder. On 
subsequent runs, images will be read from disk instead of being fetched from TibiaWiki again.

When done, a database file called `tibia_database.db` will be found on the folder.

## Database contents
* Creatures
* Items
* Creature drop statistics
    
Planned:
* NPCs
* NPC offers
* Spells and runes
* Houses
* Achievements
* Quests
* *and more...* 
    
## Database schema
See [SCHEMA.md](docs/SCHEMA.md) in the `docs` folder
